# Predicting-price-of-pre-owned-cars-
The case study is on predicting the price of pre-owned cars. So, the problem statement is a Storm Motors is an e-commerce company, then they act as mediators between parties interested in selling and buying pre-owned cars and they have  a lots of data based on sales that have happened through them or otherwise and what the interest is in is to make a sale quickly. So, if the price is appropriate and that is something that you can satisfy both the seller and the buyer, then you will have your cars moving fast. So, what Storm Motors wants to do is they want to develop an algorithm, so that they can predict the price of the cars based on various attributes associated with the car. So, you might think of using a such a model from a Storm Motors viewpoint in multiple ways. If if a seller is asking for a price you could put the attributes of the car that the seller is selling into this model and then come up with a predicted price, and if it is much above what it is predicting then you can tell the seller that you know you are you are asking for too much and you are not likely to sell this car at this price. And, similarly a buyer comes and bids for a car at a much lesser price than what has been put up, then you could show the results of the model and tell the buyer, look you are asking for a very cheap price so, the seller is unlikely to give you this car at this price. So, if you got this right then you could optimize this transaction and then have a both the parties being happy and then you have a better business.
